Edit Site Header
Skip to Content
RYV Labs
Contact

Public-interest technology for the UK
RYV labs specialises in strategy, advisory and application of digital and technology to improve public outcomes throughout the UK. 

“Public Interest Technologist (n): an individual who studies and promotes the application of technology expertise to advance the public interest/generate public benefits/promote the public good”. Read more at New America: Defining Public Interest Technology

RYV Labs applies the best in modern digital strategy and technology management practices to the benefit of the public good. We focus on helping the public- / charitable-sectors, and social-sustainability businesses get the most out of their digital and technology investment. 

Our clients
gov-uk.png
nhs.png
bbc.png
uclh.png
cabinet-office.png
london-design-festival.png
gov-scot.png
national-records-of-scotland.png
tfgm.png
channel-4.png
government-digital-service.png
ofqual.png
We operate three major service lines to provide impact. Get in touch to discuss how we can help your organisation.

STRATEGY AND CASE FOR CHANGE
strategy.jpg
Our strategy practice focuses on establishing the case for digital change, technology and business transformation strategies, advanced technology or data adoption, artificial intelligence, value chain mapping and case development around economic and financial benefits to be realised from the change. 

We’ve undertaken projects in Health, Central and Local Government, Transportation, Education, Telecommunications and Media.

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
Do you have a digital transformation plan? Do you know the steps needed to transform your organisation? We’ll help you use digital to change your processes for better decision-making in your team and a better experience for your customers.

CASE FOR CHANGE
Do you understand the root causes of costs in your current business? Are you generating failure demand with your current operation? We’ll construct the case for change to help you validate the investment in transformation.

STRATEGY DEVELOPMENT
How are you going to accomplish the change you need to see in your business? We’ll help you generate the path to a successful change programme for you and your organisation.

BENEFITS REALISATION
Do you measure your success? Can you articulate the value created by your digital programmes? We’ll help you enable the measurement approach to validate the programme success.

PROJECTS AND PROGRAMMES

Our projects and programmes practice focuses on delivery of software, technology and digital initiatives, taking operational role in project or programme leadership and delivery. 

We’ve completed projects in Central Government, Media, Publishing and Telecommunications.

DELIVERY MANAGEMENT
Is your agile project on track? Do you have the right delivery team in place? We’ll take an agile delivery or coaching role to ensure your project has the best approach to success.

PROGRAMME DESIGN AND SETUP
Is your programme organised effectively? Do you have the right mix and structure of people working at the right roles? We’ll help you get past the “resource" planning stage and into the effective people-focused setup of your programme of work.

MANAGEMENT AND INCENTIVES
Do you have a clear idea on the key performance indicators and objectives for your service team? Can you clearly tell if you’re ahead or behind your programme targets? We’ll organise your delivery efforts into effective, disciplined execution.

VENTURE BUILDING

Our venture-building efforts focus on early-stage startup and intrapreneurial initiatives, designing the product and growth strategy, competitive and market entry review and build of early prototypes. 

We’ve completed projects in Telecommunications, Design, Education and Live Event / Entertainment.

CONCEPT
Is your idea viable? We’ll take you through ideation, user research and concept generation to set you on the right track.

PRODUCT
Get to market quickly with agile design and customer development principles. We’ll guide you as you get to your Minimum Viable Product and beyond.

BUSINESS
Do you know what your competitive environment looks like? Is your business model sustainable? We’ll help keep you digital and lean, and ahead of the competition.

SCALE
To grow globally, you’ll need a plan and the right people on board. We’ll help you develop the strategy to get there.

If your organisation needs support in understanding digital transformation or venture-building new products, do get in touch.


Edit Site Footer
RYV Labs
15 Bowling Green Lane
London, UK, EC1R 0BD

(c) RYV Ltd. 2021

